So long Python 3.6 (#779)
python/devguide: setup.rst

For a quick guide to building you can read `this documentation`_ from Victor
Stinner.

> **Python 3.7** and later can use Microsoft Visual Studio 2017.  You can download

Reviewer: I believe this could be updated to something like the following:

```suggestion
All current versions of Python can be built using Microsoft Visual Studio 2017
or later.  You can download
```

It might be good to have @zooba confirm that, though :)
